[CHANGELOG] 4.0.0-alpha.19 (#987)
mui-org/material-ui-x: CHANGELOG.md

All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file.
See [Conventional Commits](https://conventionalcommits.org) for commit guidelines.

## [4.0.0-alpha.19](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui-x/compare/v4.0.0-alpha.18...v4.0.0-alpha.19)

###### _Feb 5, 2021_

Big thanks to the 5 contributors who made this release possible. Here are some highlights ✨:

- 🎁 Add getRowId prop (#972) @dtassone
- 🚀 Add streaming delete row api (#980) @dtassone
- 💅 Fix autoHeight (#940) @oliviertassinari
- 🙌 Enable the data grid to work under strict mode (#933) @dtassone
- ⚡️ Add component slots for toolbar and preference panel (#971) @DanailH
- 🐛 Polish existing features, fix 9 issues.

### @material-ui/x-grid@v4.0.0-alpha.19 / @material-ui/data-grid@v4.0.0-alpha.19

> #### Changes

Reviewer: We could remove this subheader. It's really useful to separate breaking changes to the other ones.

Author: I missed it, there were no breaking changes.

- [DataGrid] Add component slots for toolbar and preference panel (#971) @DanailH
- [DataGrid] Add getRowId prop (#972) @dtassone
- [DataGrid] Add streaming delete row api (#980) @dtassone
- [DataGrid] Fix autoHeight (#940) @oliviertassinari
- [DataGrid] Fix column reorder instability (#950) @dtassone
- [DataGrid] Fix footer visual regression (#932) @dtassone
- [DataGrid] Fix strict mode issue with apiRef (#933) @dtassone

> - [DataGrid] Fix the accessibility of the column menu (#900) @zj9495

Reviewer: We didn't do enough to fix it. 

```suggestion
- [DataGrid] Work on the accessibility of the column menu (#900) @zj9495
```

- [DataGrid] Fix timing guarentee (#981) @oliviertassinari
- [DataGrid] Fix unstable footer height (#937) @oliviertassinari
- [DataGrid] Fix usage of the prop-types API (#955) @oliviertassinari

> - [DataGrid] Fix duplicate aria-label (#953) @oliviertassinari@dtassone

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [DataGrid] Fix duplicate aria-label (#953) @oliviertassinari
```
